## Project Assignment - CO2 Emissions

### Description

This project aims to explore and analyze CO2 emissions data to answer the following three key questions:

Query 1. **What is the biggest predictor of a large CO2 output per capita of a country?**- [Query_One](https://github.com/giofile/Project_CO2_Emissions/blob/main/QueryOne/Table_of_Contents.md)
Query 2. **Which countries are making the biggest strides in decreasing CO2 output?** [Query_Two](https://github.com/giofile/Project_CO2_Emissions/blob/main/QueryTwo/Table_of_Contents.md)
Query 3. **Which non-fossil fuel energy technology will have the best price in the future?**[Query_Three](https://github.com/giofile/Project_CO2_Emissions/blob/main/QueryThree/Table_of_Contents.md)

---

### Data Source
The data for this analysis is sourced from **[Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/)**.

---

### Requirements for the Report and Code Submission

- Present a report that addresses the three questions listed above and provide the code that you used to solve them.
- The report and code must include **3 graphs**, one for each question.
- Use **functions for dataframes** and avoid manually creating them. **Pandas** should be used for dataframe manipulation.
- Load the data directly from the repositories using the **raw link** where possible.
- Use **Pandas functions** to:
  - Extract column names
  - Filter the data
- Write **generic code** as much as possible, to maintain flexibility.
- Use `.copy()` to:
  - Prevent warnings generated by Pandas
  - Avoid modifying the original DataFrame.
- Ensure all graphs include **titles, labels, and legends** for clarity.
- Ensure your code runs without raising **errors**.

---

